README.md, before:

# coursera-manual-extension
Manual tool to complete Coursera quizzes when your other automation tools not working =)))))

## Setup
1. Clone or download this repo as zip then extract
2. Open browser, go to Extension page, enable `Developer mode` option
3. Click `Load unpacked`, choose the extracted folder (now a new one will be added to extension bar, pin it as you like)
4. Click extension icon to open popup (fast or slow depends on the device you are using)
5. Read instructions, set your Gemini API Key (must have), model name and request interval (if you like default, skip them)
6. Click `Save configurations` to save configs and do the test (if error check your inputs then try again)

## Usage
1. Open quiz page, start quiz
2. When the quiz UI appear, click extension icon, click `Solve quizzes` to start solve quizzes
3. A frame will be injected into each quiz, use `Re-solve this question` if the response is unreasonable, or use `Copy question & answers` if the previous option doesn't help

## Disclaimer
> All answers are just information that Gemini searched for and each model has different knowledge cut off, so accuracy cannot reach 100% in all cases, use with caution and double check if necessary.

## Bugs
I made this for myself and tried to cover all the bug cases I could think of, so if there are any bugs please submit an Issue =)))))

Commit message:

big update 2: refactor some code, fix some bugs, add more quiz type detection, improve text extraction, improve prompting, add injected solve button

README.md, after:

# Manual Coursera Tool
Manual Coursera Tool to complete quizzes when your other automation tools not working =)))))

## Setup
1. Clone or download this repo as zip then extract
2. Open browser, go to Extension page, enable `Developer mode` option
3. Click `Load unpacked`, open the cloned repo or extracted folder (now a new icon will be added to extension bar, pin it as you like)
4. Click extension icon to open popup (fast or slow depends on the device you are using)
5. Read instructions, set your Gemini API Key (must have), model name and request interval (if you like default, skip them)
6. Click `Save configurations` to save configs and run the model test (if error check your inputs then try again)

## Usage
1. Open quiz page, start quiz
2. When the quiz UI appear, click `Solve quizzes` on the page header to start solve quizzes (or inside extension popup, work the same)
3. A frame container will be injected into each quiz, use `Re-solve this question` if the response is unreasonable, or use `Copy question & answers` if the previous option doesn't help

## Disclaimer
> I am not responsible for any incorrect answers, repeated failed attempts that lead to exhaustion of retry attempts within a period of time, cases of fraud detection that lead to account suspension and legal issues that arise.
> 
> All answers are information that Gemini can search and each model has a different knowledge cut-off, so accuracy cannot be 100% in all cases. Use with caution and always double check.

## Bugs
I made this for myself and tried to cover all the bug cases I could think of, so if there are any bugs please submit an Issue =)))))
